Welcome to the next section of the course.
In this section we're going to start familiarizing ourselves with the View Test Utils library for testing
our view components.
We're going to get to that in the very next lesson.
But in this one, I want to do some quick cleanup.
So open up your main nav dot view component file.
As a reminder, you can find it in the CRC components directory.
And here I want to delete a few lines before we move forward.
Number one, we can go ahead and remove this H2 right here where we have developed by followed by our
interpolation of those author properties.
We can remove that H2 entirely.
And then since we no longer need those author properties, we can navigate down to our data method and
its return object and we can remove the author property, the author object from here as well.
So I'm going to delete that, save this file and this code will remove some line thrust or rather prettier
will.
And so if I go back to my browser to take a look, we should just have our main NAV with our company
title.
For me, that is about careers.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
In the very next one, we're going to start writing our first test for our view components.